Packages are containers for classes. They are used to keep the class name space compartmentalized.
For example, a package allows you to create a class named List, which you can store in your own package without
concern that it will collide with some other class named List stored elsewhere. Packages are stored in a hierarchical
manner and are explicitly imported into new class definitions.

📘 Definition:
A package in Java is a group of related classes, interfaces, and sub-packages.
It helps in avoiding name conflicts, reusing code, and organizing projects.

The package is both a naming and a visibility control mechanism.
✅ 1. Naming Mechanism
Packages help uniquely name classes to avoid naming conflicts.

package com.company1;
public class Employee { }

package com.company2;
public class Employee { }

//we can use them like 
com.company1.Employee e1 = new com.company1.Employee();
com.company2.Employee e2 = new com.company2.Employee();

✅ 2. Visibility Control Mechanism
Java uses packages to restrict or allow access to classes and members (fields, methods) using access modifiers:
Modifier	Accessible   Within Same Class	Same Package	Subclass (diff package)	Everywhere
private	       ✅ Yes	❌ No	          ❌ No	           ❌ No
(default)	   ✅ Yes	✅ Yes	          ❌ No	           ❌ No
protected	   ✅ Yes	✅ Yes	          ✅ Yes	           ❌ No
public	       ✅ Yes	✅ Yes	          ✅ Yes	           ✅ Yes

If no modifier is given (called default or package-private), the member/class is only accessible within the same package.
This means packages allow group-level access control
Two classes with the same name can exist in different packages without any issues.

The following statement creates a package called MyPackage: package MyPackage;

Java uses file system directories to store packages. For example, the .class files for any classes you declare to be
part of MyPackage must be stored in a directory called MyPackage. Remember that case is significant, and the directory
name must match the package name exactly.

A package hierarchy must be reflected in the file system of your Java development system.
For example, a package declared as

    package java.awt.image;

needs to be stored in java\awt\image in a Windows environment. Be sure to choose your package names carefully.
You cannot rename a package without renaming the directory in which the classes are stored.

How does the Java run-time system know where to look for packages that you create? The answer has three parts.
- First, by default, the Java run-time system uses the current working directory as its starting point.
Thus, if your package is in a subdirectory of the current directory, it will be found.
- Second, you can specify a directory path or paths by setting the CLASSPATH environmental variable.
- Third, you can use the -classpath option with java and javac to specify the path to your classes.

When a package is imported, only those items within the package declared as public will be available to non-subclasses
in the importing code.